Sor10874/readmes/46 50 (#739)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/open-existing-map/README.md

> # Open map URL

Reviewer: Looks like this sample is called "open existing map"

Author: sorry about that!

Display a web map.

![Image of open map URL](open-existing-map.png)

## Use case

For displaying web maps stored on ArcGISOnline (e.g. soil survey results, as demonstrated in this sample).

## How to use the sample

> A web map can be selected from the drop-down list. On selection the web map displays in the map view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web map can be selected from the navigation menu. On selection the web map displays in the map view.
```
